School Should Start Later

Many students in middle school are very tired in every morning. They must wake up too early for arriving to school, and when they sit down in the first period they cannot to focus on lesson. I think that middle schools should start the school day later, because the students will be more awake and they will do better in their studies, even some people will say it is difficult for changing the schedule.

The most important reason is that the teenagers need more sleep than what they are getting. Doctors are saying that children of our age need about nine hours of sleep, but most students they don't get this amount. When a person does not sleep enough, he cannot pay attention, he forgets the informations, and sometimes he fall asleep in the class. I have seen many students putting their head down during the math lesson and the teacher becomes angry, but really it is not their fault. If the school will start later, they could sleep until their body wants to wake up naturally.

Another reason is about the grades. There was one study that showed when the schools are starting later, the students they perform better on the tests. This makes a sense, because if you are awake, you can to think more clearly. Also the students are less angry when they have sleeped enough, and this makes the classroom to be a better place. The teachers would also like it, because they will not have to telling students to wake up all the time.

Some people are saying that it is too much difficult for changing the schedule. They worry about the busses, the after-school sports, and the parents who must to go to work. These are real problems, but other cities they have figured out the solution, so we also can do it. We just need for planning carefully.

In the conclusion, the middle schools should start later in the morning. The students will be more awake, they will receive better grades, and they will feel better in general. The problems with schedule can be solved if everyone is working together. The sleep is very much important, and the school must to fit for the students, not opposite.
